Reject master keys shorter than 16 bytes in `production` (#209)
meilisearch/specifications: text/0085-api-keys.md

If the master key is removed at Meilisearch launch, the previously generated API keys no longer secure the Meilisearch instance.

If Meilisearch is launched with the `production` value for the `MEILI_ENV` environment variable or the `--env` CLI option, a master key of at least 16 characters is mandatory. If the master key is omitted in that particular case, or is too short, Meilisearch launch is aborted and displays an error:

> - `Error: In production mode, the environment variable MEILI_MASTER_KEY is mandatory` if the key is omitted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Error: In production mode, you must provide a master key to secure your instance. It can be specified via the MEILI_MASTER_KEY environment variable or the --master-key launch option.`
```

Hey @dureuill, we had a [discussion](https://github.com/meilisearch/product/discussions/565) dedicated to that particular error. I'm suggesting the one from @dichotommy here!

Source: https://github.com/meilisearch/product/discussions/565#discussioncomment-4266375

Author: Thank you @gmourier! I agree with the change. Unfortunately, the implementation PR for this has already landed. I will have to open another one.

Author: I noticed that tamo already fixed that on main. Thanks, @irevoire ❤️

Author: Updated in the spec!

> - `Error: In production mode, the Master Key must be of at least 16 characters, but the provided key is only :numChars characters long` if the key is too short (`numChars` is inferred in the error message).

Reviewer 2: I would stay `master key` personally

> - `Error: In production mode, the Master Key must be of at least 16 characters, but the provided key is only :numChars characters long` if the key is too short (`numChars` is inferred in the error message).

Author: The capitalization was already inconsistent in the CLI. I chose in favor of `Master Key`, but maybe the other option was preferable! I will have to make another implementation PR to bring consistency to the phrase.

> - `Error: In production mode, the Master Key must be of at least 16 characters, but the provided key is only :numChars characters long` if the key is too short (`numChars` is inferred in the error message).

Author: See https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/pull/3295

> - `Error: In production mode, the Master Key must be of at least 16 characters, but the provided key is only :numChars characters long` if the key is too short (`numChars` is inferred in the error message).

Author: Updated in specification too!
